# -Vaccine-Co-financing-Model-
Reasonable estimates of country levels thresholds (whether derived from the best evidence currently available, e.g. Woods et al. (2016), Ochalek et al. (2018), or based on a simple rule such as 0.5 GDP per capita) could give a normative basis for Gavi graduation.  When eligible for graduation, Gavi’s financial support to a country is gradually phased out over five years. By the end of this period, countries are required to fully self-finance their vaccine programmes.   Given that the cost/effectiveness of the vaccines remains constant (a large assumption which could possibly be relaxed ), a country’s liability for costs (and therefore point in the development cycle at which they become eligible for graduation) could be determined by the point at which their ‘normative threshold’ hits the cost-effectiveness of the vaccine.  We seek to explore the implications of this reasoning with respect to Ghana’s development path. Ghana is a West African lower middle-income country with an estimated gross national income per capita of $4490 (in 2017).  It has begun the process of transitioning away from development assistance funds, and as such, its co-financing obligations are expected to rise. We would seek to examine either the portfolio of vaccines which Gavi currently funds, or instead focus on a particular high budget impact vaccine.  The analysis will compare the ‘actual’ Gavi graduation path, with one derived from a normative framework anchored around plausible estimates of locally relevant cost-effectiveness thresholds.
